Known Isues and Limitations of rowem:
------------------------------------
- while 8kB or 16kB PROM sizes are supported (later versions of R-89 and up CCC code were on a 16kB EPROM), the display and function is currently programmed only to simulate the R-89 model.  *Code* from subsequent jukebox models (e.g. R-90 to R-94) runs, but the displays are not correct and certains inputs seem not to work properly.
- LED display controllers (MM5450) not actually emulated.  Rowem just pulls the data directly from RAM and interprets them as charaters (mostly digits) as they were originally defined.  Any changes to the character codes to change the way digits are displayed, of course, will not be properly emulated.  Sometimes these RAM locations are temporarily used without sending the data to the LED controller; so sometimes some flickering occurs if rowem happens to grab one of these unintended values for display.
- the 6520 PIAs are not fully/properly emulated.  The factory CCC code sets the PIAs registers (selecting I/O direction by bit, etc.) at boot time, and does not ever change it.  Therefore, rowem is written more simply by assuming the factory I/O configuration is programmed.
- the record-handling mechanism (mech) simulation is approximate, at best.  While it seem to fool the code into believing the magazine turns (opto cycling), and that the transfer succeeds (switche states), the timing and other aspects are likely *far* from accurate.
- the "mirroring" of addresses due to incomplete address decoding is not emulated.  The as-written 6502 code appears very well-behaved, and does no rely on any mirroring (all known read/writes are to the nominal locations).
- the speed/timing is currently very crude, and no automatic throttling is implemented.  A "sleep()" function slows operation, and it can be made to run near real speeds by iterative adjustment (including re-compilation).  An automatic-throttling system based on the host computer time would be much better.
- the LED display controller PCB in the top of the jukebox has not been inspected, and no schematics have been found.  The behavior emulated was developed from the assumed function and inspection of the code.
- the $5 function of a bill-validator (e.g. pulsing the $1 line 5 times for a $5 bill) is not currently emulated.  It may be approximated by very quickly pressing (or holding down) the "m" key (mapped to the $1 signal). 
- the program user interface input (key reading) and output (display) assumes a standard-sized CLI window, and is currently OS-dependant (Windows).
